# What to eat today?

I am Yoseya, a new student from the 24th cohort of the School of Information Engineering at Tianjin College, University of Science and Technology Beijing. On the bus back home during winter vacation, when the white poplar trees outside the window formed flowing ink shadows in the twilight, neighbor Sun sighed like a stone and threw himself into the calm lake: "Finally home! You no longer have to worry about what to eat when you open your eyes every day
I was stunned as I pinched half of the unfinished egg yolk pastry - this top student who could turn Fourier transform into stand up comedy in class was actually defeated by breakfast choice disorder? This reminds me of the fixed ritual in the dormitory every Saturday morning at 8 o'clock: at some critical point, a certain bed suddenly bursts with a soulful question, "What do we have for lunch?", just like the awakening spell in Harry Potter, causing six zombie to instantly revive and eight slippers to fly in the air and start a food debate.
That day, looking out of the dormitory window at the neon sign of the "BeikeTianyuan Second Cafeteria", an inspiration suddenly hit me: Since quantum mechanics tells us that the essence of the universe is random, why not use code to reduce the dimensionality of selection difficulties? So on a weekend saturated with the aroma of instant noodles, when my roommates were still arguing about whether Luosifen should be added with fried eggs, my keyboard had typed out the first line of JavaScript code.
From obtaining cafeteria stall data to designing a minimalist interactive interface, from debugging the bug of "never getting cilantro randomly" to weighting the algorithm for Lanzhou beef noodles, when I pressed F12 at a faint moment in the morning, the console suddenly popped up with "2nd cafeteria, 3rd window beef stir fry cake+chilled sour plum soup", I knew I had created something sacred - the campus version of Oedipus later named "What to eat today.
Nowadays, whenever our dormitory collective falls into a 'what to eat dilemma', we will activate this program like summoning a divine dragon. What's even more unexpected is that this mini program has gone viral in the class group chat, and even the orange cat "Dahuang" who always wanders around the cafeteria has become our wild spokesperson. Perhaps this is the romance of programmers: turning the trivial troubles in life into twinkling stars at the fingertips.

Hello everyone, what's for lunch today?

Ha~Ah? So it was just a dream, huh? Where did this software on my phone come from？
